Huh sorry Okay, I forgot what we were talking about. Should we talk about something else?
Let's see.
My music. I don't know, I wouldn't really call it a hobby.
But music has just kind of been something that I always do.
that I was dead and something that my mom made me do.
I think, again like, I had an inclination for it. I had aptitude for it. I was really good.
But, at, it was
something that I really enjoyed doing.
I enjoy it now I think more.
I know how to appreciate it and I it's
You know, my livelihood now, so it doesn't matter if I like it or not and I think
That's why I can do it?
Yeah, I don't know, uhh
Like I do, correct, yeah, mhmm
Yeah, I feel like I just had yeah, I mean
Of course there were times when I thought it wasn't.
And, but I went, ah I did not I I have a lot of experience, that
Lot of like like people don't, so that
Maybe a little bit. It gives me a little bit more confidence I think.
And then, yeah
And then after kind of going out into the professional world and seeing what's out there, like
That also gave me more confidence to be like, hey, yeah, I'm good.
Like I could I could do it. Like I'm I'm better than most people. so that
like, you know, help me in that way. But again, like it's not a hobby.
Like
Like I I think I was indifferent to it.
Like it was just something really like I did. Like I wanted to quit but I couldn't.
Piano, It's interesting
Like foreign, Yeah, yeah, so I think
Looking at the pictures, it looks like I was enjoying it. huhuhuhh
It looks like the pictures do, but it's only like a sliver of, you know, you know, the truth.
right?
yeah, Until yeah, I till our high school like
I think around 16 I went to Europe.
And when I went there, like, I just kind of felt my heart being kind of pulled towards that
So that's the first time I was like, yeah, that makes sense
or that makes me feel complete, or that make gives me a little bit of purpose to what I do.
So that's kind of when I felt that.
And it's funny it was in Europe and not here.
So I feel like if I didn't go, I would probably be like, nope, it doesn't make sense to do music.
Yeah
And I think once like my my career or like my music
kind of, I tied it together with my faith.
then that gives another like level of like
purpose, I think, and I wanted to teach.
So I didn't I didn't want to, like, perform. I do it well, but...
It wasn't like a thing I enjoy, so...
Yeah, so, I don't know, I I when I have when I see people who do it
do as a hobby or like they're like so in love with it like
It kind of amazes me. I was like, wow, huhuhahaha
wow, mhmm
mhmm
Yeah.
Yeah, no, I mean, I don't listen to music.
and listen to music like you know how people like
They say it relaxes them or whatever. I can't. huhu like
If I listen to it, I go into work mode, so I can't listen to music.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so you're in the same category.
huhhahah
Oh, really?
Huhuhu, oh okay, so
mm..
mm hm
mmm.....
mhmm
mhmm..
I see.
Yeah. Music is, I mean, playing the piano I think it's a good hobby to have.
especially for as you like age,
because it's good for your brain function, it's good for like your coordination.
Um, and like, yeah
It because there's so many layers in playing, so it keeps your mind very active.
Yeah. So in Japan they say it helps.
ward off dementia and like Alzheimer's and stuff like that.
So that's what they say. huhu, yeah, my team any
No, no, it's not the same way because
When you play the piano, it's not just melody and it's not just harmony.
So it's like you you have to train your hand and your mind to think about.
like to multitask actually.
You have to think about the melody and then...
telling your fingers to do different things. So that's like 10 different fingers, right?
And then that's just your hands. And then your arms and your body and your foot.
Right you have to use your pedals, right? And then reading, and then listening.
So yeah.